Add docs for `thirdPartyErrorFilterIntegration` (#10418)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/filtering.mdx

You can also use `denyUrls` if you want to block specific URLs from sending exceptions to Sentry.

> ### Using the `thirdPartyErrorFilterIntegration`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using `thirdPartyErrorFilterIntegration`
```
remove "the" to be consistent with other headings

_Available in browser-based SDKs from version 8.10.0_

The `thirdPartyErrorFilterIntegration` allows you to filter out errors originating from third parties, such as browser extensions, code-injecting browsers, or widgets from third-party services that also use Sentry.

> This integration can be very helpful when wanting to reduce noise that is unrelated to your own application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration can be very helpful in reducing noise that's not related to your own application code.
```

<Note>

**Prerequisite**: To use the `thirdPartyErrorFilterIntegration`, ensure you are using a bundler and one of [Sentry's bundler plugins](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript-bundler-plugins).

</Note>

> The integration works by "marking" your JavaScript files with an "application key" during the build process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration works by "marking" your JavaScript files with an "application key" during the build process.
```

> At runtime, if an error occurs, the integration checks application keys for each stack frame in the stack trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At runtime, if an error occurs, this integration checks application keys for each stack frame in the stack trace.
```

This allows you to filter out errors with "unmarked" stack frames, which would indicate third-party code.

> To set up the integration, first pass an `applicationKey` to your Sentry bundler plugin. This can be an arbitrary string that identifies your application code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, first pass an `applicationKey` to your Sentry bundler plugin. This can be an arbitrary string that identifies your application code:
```

const { sentryEsbuildPlugin } = require("@sentry/esbuild-plugin");

require("esbuild").build({
  plugins: [
    sentryEsbuildPlugin({
      applicationKey: "your-custom-application-key",
    }),
  ],
});
```

```js {tabTitle:Rollup} {7}
// rollup.config.mjs
import { sentryRollupPlugin } from "@sentry/rollup-plugin";

export default {
  plugins: [
    sentryRollupPlugin({
      applicationKey: "your-custom-application-key",
    }),
  ],
};
```

Next, add the `thirdPartyErrorFilterIntegration` to your Sentry initialization:

```js {3-14}
Sentry.init({
  integrations: [
    Sentry.thirdPartyErrorFilterIntegration({
      // Specify the application keys that you specified in the Sentry bundler plugin
      filterKeys: ["your-custom-application-key"],

      // Defines how to handle errors that contain third party stack frames.
      // Possible values are:
      // - 'drop-error-if-contains-third-party-frames'
      // - 'drop-error-if-exclusively-contains-third-party-frames'
      // - 'apply-tag-if-contains-third-party-frames'
      // - 'apply-tag-if-exclusively-contains-third-party-frames'
      behaviour: "drop-error-if-contains-third-party-frames",
    }),
  ],
});
```

> The `filterKeys` option takes an array of strings that should be equal to the `applicationKey` value set in the bundler plugin options.
> Unless your website hosts files from more than one of your build-processes, the array should only contain one item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `filterKeys` option takes an array of strings that should be equal to the `applicationKey` value set in the bundler plugin options.
Unless your website hosts files from more than one of your build-processes, this array should only contain one item.
```

> The `behaviour` option defines what should happen with errors that contain stack frames from third-party code.

Reviewer: Can you change the spelling of this option to "behavior" in the code? Not sure if this shows up anywhere else, but generally we use the American spelling without the "u".

Author: No, unfortunately, we cannot change it anymore.

Reviewer: Ok no worries, let's leave it as is then.

There are four modes you can choose from:

- `"drop-error-if-contains-third-party-frames"`: Drop error events that contain at least one third-party stack frame.
- `"drop-error-if-exclusively-contains-third-party-frames"`: Drop error events that exclusively contain third-party stack frames.
- `"apply-tag-if-contains-third-party-frames"`: Keep all error events, but apply a `third_party_code: true` tag in case the error contains at least one third-party stack frame.
- `"apply-tag-if-exclusively-contains-third-party-frames"`: Keep all error events, but apply a `third_party_code: true` tag in case the error contains exclusively third-party stack frames.

> If you choise a mode to only apply tags, the tags can then be used in Sentry to filter your issue stream with the `third_party_code` tag in the issue search bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose a mode to only apply tags, the tags can then be used in Sentry to filter your issue stream with the `third_party_code` tag in the issue search bar.
```
